the game
the play tells the story of three girls
teenagers from there resends coming the river
January to watch a concert of his
foreign idols in maracanã
everything goes wrong for these kids until
that they appear in a story in the
television are famous on the wrong side
Is not my monk who paid you back to your
cities
sadness of life there in resende and
suddenly a big surprise happens more
I will not tell only to watch your
show aquino and great house yet by
It was an honor to be able to
exciting because the theater has passed
So many amazing musicals and do
part of the history of and great house is
Fantastic is just so rubbish
hug in focus until the anger passes
ae
the lava
It was very ugly it was amazing it was very
cool is really unforgettable
man sees here in the big hotel house if
Delighted, I just spoke to one of the
actresses of the piece I think here is the best
theater so the people I saw
piece was clean public the proton
choreographies dude there everything that stayed
delicious, I loved it